doc: Doc updates related to Python deps (#12091)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/documentation/build.rst

1. If you have not done so already, install the |NCS| as described in :ref:`auto_installation` or :ref:`manual_installation`.
#. Install or update all required :ref:`Python dependencies <additional_deps>`.
#. Install the additional Python dependencies for building the documentation.
   `Python virtual environment <Python virtual environments>`_ needs to be active for the following command to work:

   .. tabs::

     .. group-tab:: Windows

        Enter the following command in a terminal window in the :file:`ncs` folder:

        .. code-block:: bash

           pip install -U -r nrf/doc/requirements.txt

     .. group-tab:: Linux

        Enter the following command in a terminal window in the :file:`ncs` folder:

        .. code-block:: bash

           pip install -U -r nrf/doc/requirements.txt

     .. group-tab:: macOS

        Enter the following command in a terminal window in the :file:`ncs` folder:

        .. code-block:: bash

>            pip install -U -r nrf/doc/requirements.txt

Reviewer: are tabs needed now? all commands are the same

Author: I would say we can skip tabs, just that we might have to say that the command is the same for all the three operating systems. @wiba-nordic?

Reviewer 2: Now that the command is the exact same for all three, yeah, the tabs aren't needed anymore. But agreed, clarifying that the command works for Windows, macOS and Linus makes sense.

1. If you have not done so already, install the |NCS| as described in :ref:`auto_installation` or :ref:`manual_installation`.
#. Install or update all required :ref:`Python dependencies <additional_deps>`.
#. Install the additional Python dependencies for building the documentation:

   .. tabs::

     .. group-tab:: Windows

>         Enter the following command in a terminal window in the :file:`ncs/nrf` folder:

Reviewer 2: Should this clarify that the virtual environment needs to be active? Or at least, I presume it should be.

Also, personally, I'd make the folder used either `ncs` (same as is used for the other Python dependencies) or `ncs/nrf/doc` (same as is used for the CMake command). But that's just a matter of taste.

Author: @gmarull, should this (step 3- Python dep for the docs/requirements.txt) clarify that the virtual environment needs to be active? For step 2, we will have already made it active.

Reviewer: yes, a comment is always good.

        .. parsed-literal::
           :class: highlight

           pip3 install -U -r doc/requirements.txt

     .. group-tab:: Linux

        Enter the following command in a terminal window in the :file:`ncs/nrf` folder:

        .. parsed-literal::
           :class: highlight

           pip3 install -U --user -r doc/requirements.txt

     .. group-tab:: macOS

        Enter the following command in a terminal window in the ::file:`ncs/nrf` folder:

        .. parsed-literal::
           :class: highlight

>            pip3 install -U -r doc/requirements.txt

Reviewer: on venvs, `--user` doesn't need to be used, and `pip3` -> `pip`. So all tabs will contain the same...

1. If you have not done so already, install the |NCS| as described in :ref:`auto_installation` or :ref:`manual_installation`.
#. Install or update all required :ref:`Python dependencies <additional_deps>`.

> #. Install the additional Python documentation dependencies by running the command ``pip3 install -U -r doc/requirements.txt`` in the :file:`ncs/nrf` folder.

Reviewer 2: This kind of sounds like the dependencies are Python documentation. Would "Python dependencies for building the documentation" work? I'd probably also prefer having the command on its own so the click-to-copy function is available.

Also, we could instruct the user to leave the command line open in the previous step and just change the command here to account for it.
```suggestion
#. Install the additional Python dependencies for building the documentation by running the following command:

   .. code-block::
    
       pip3 install -U -r nrf/doc/requirements.txt
```
Should we account for Linux and MacOS users like the normal Python dependencies do?

Author: @gmarull , anything else to be documented for Linux/macOS users?

Reviewer: it's really the same command

Reviewer 2: We have the three different tabs (for the difference between command line window and terminal window, as well as the slightly different command in Linux) in the [Python dependencies](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/installation/installing.html#install-additional-python-dependencies) section. Since we link to that in the previous step, it makes sense to me to either make or acknowledge the difference in this step as well.

Reviewer 3: I agree with @gmarull, especially given that, starting Ubuntu 23.04, you cannot use `pip install` anymore without using a virtual environment.

Here are the instructions:
https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/getting_started/index.html#get-zephyr-and-install-python-dependencies

Author: Added instructions. @gmarull, please check.

> #. Install the additional Python documentation dependencies by running the command ``pip3 install -U -r doc/requirements.txt`` from the :file:`ncs/nrf` folder.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#. Install the additional Python documentation dependencies by running the command ``pip3 install -U -r doc/requirements.txt`` in the :file:`ncs/nrf` folder.
```
